hello how about here I show you a design
new where will I use this organic
What is a roll to the network I already have a list
of the almond and now I'm just going to
and delineate the area of ​​the smile with
this critic
it's like to highlight a little more
the almond
it's so simple
and between one side the other to fill them
get to the tension anchors then
Now I'm going to put this acrylic that
it just showed that it's seeing and sad
of the collection
What did I do
I really like this acrylic
why
has colors between purple rose has
silver flowers and blue sparkles and
shines brightly for all
the decoration elements that have
this mix
then now I'm going to put this acrylic
which is the cns of the african collection of
organic this technician has the angel
silver very shiny also and nothing more
I'm going to put it in the area of
from the tip
so very simple at the tip
then now I'm going to encapsulate the nail and
I 'm going to give you I 'm going to press with the
main to maya equal for
so to mark the curves and to give
more strength in the nail
so now what I'm going to do here
with this piece of paper that I am
showing this is the paper where
we have the forms for
sculpture
and here it is very easy to make flowers
also when they want to make flowers like
of fifth and eighth dimensions then here
is where they are made and
it takes off very easily
very good to work the dimension
so he
how can they be the high of the high 3 but
Now what I'm going to do is going to be a
butterfly
and I showed you the organics I'm going to
use
Lilita is the plan of the new colors
and I'm going to use the organic black color
there I put a pearl a little bigger the
first that I put
to make the wing of a butterfly and
down here I'm doing another but this
it's a little bit smaller
and very simple very angry I open halo and
I shape the sides with him
with the brush this brush that I am
using is number 5
and the truth is I found myself to work
with him very well
also the one that I like for the third
dimension is the
they say organic sculptor that is the
number 4 or the master gel that is the
number 6 can also be served
for the third dimension in fact it was
the one that is always accepted is a
dimension because with the brush number 4
and now I really could not because
I do not know, I could not work with him
then with the flowers with the brush
that I could make the flowers was with the
master gel so if you have a
little difficulty to make the
third dimension because I recommend them
get that brush and master gel that
It's the number
I think it's a cherry that is from
organic and with that they will be able to learn
do the third dimension then here
I already made the body of the butterfly with
organic smell black and nothing else I'm
filling the wings with a little
of shampoo
so you do not look uneven
I'm doing there
the antenitas
with very wet acrylic for
I can mold it and slip it a bit
easier
and I'm going to do 2
Well, that's how the
the butterfly very simple to make
here already dry and now with the eyeliner
black
and that it's also organic that I'm going to
delineate the wings of the butterfly to
to enhance a little more the
in the dimension that I just did
contouring with him
very thin with this eyeliner and
I made the one above now the one below
very infinite and now I'm going to fill in the
little body of the butterfly
to delineate a little better and now
it is more thin
I'm going to make some lines in the middle of
wings to give you a little more
depth to the butterfly
and that's how simple is how this is done
butterfly
and it can take off very easily as
I mentioned them because this paper is
borrow to do it with the main
standards I will not wait
and here I have my nail dry list lime
polished
nothing else I will clean with water and for
alcohol with what you use
in any employer he serves
only remove the dust very well
and below
then now I'm going to put the gel
the end is that he
because I'll hit a few keys rings
along the nail because I'm going to
as if I was showing
a branch
where the butterfly can get
well
to be able to put the butterfly
the stones that I'm going to use is going to be
pink fuchsia this are number 8
and I'm going to put everything antler
to the tip of these pebbles
there they are
as well as a s forgiveness is born
and with the same gel that had already
put nothing else I'm going to put the I'm going to
paste the butterfly and it will adhere
alone now that the lamp has already
it's not going to be it's need to put anything
it is also to be stuck with acrylic but
he did not want me so so thick and so
that's how it looks, I hope there's
liked this design and then until the
next